chore: update tracing k8s deployment docs (#4339)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/set-up-traces-collection-for-kubernetes-environments.md

* OTLP gRPC: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:4317`
* OpenCensus: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:55678`
* Jaeger GRPC: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:14250`
* Jaeger Thrift HTTP: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:14268`
* Jaeger Thrift Compact (UDP): `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:6831`
* Jaeger Thrift Binary: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:6832`
* Zipkin: `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent.<NAMESPACE>:9411/api/v2/spans`

For example, when the default release name (`collection`) and namespace (`sumologic`) is used, the endpoints are following:

* OTLP HTTP: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:4318`
* OTLP gRPC: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:4317`
* OpenCensus: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:55678`
* Jaeger GRPC: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:14250`
* Jaeger Thrift HTTP: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:14268`
* Jaeger Thrift Compact (UDP): `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:6831`
* Jaeger Thrift Binary: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:6832`
* Zipkin: `collection-sumologic-otelagent.sumologic:9411/api/v2/spans`

:::note

> `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent` could be truncated. We truncate at 63 chars because some Kubernetes name fields are limited to this (by the DNS naming spec). To avoid this please use short `<RELEASE_NAME>`. To check final endpoint name, list all services from `<NAMESPACE>` and look for service with configured ports from list above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent` could be truncated. We truncate at 63 chars because some Kubernetes name fields are limited to this (by the DNS naming spec). To avoid this, keep your `<RELEASE_NAME>` short. To check final endpoint name, list all services from `<NAMESPACE>` and look for service with configured ports from list above.
```

> `<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent` could be truncated. We truncate at 63 chars because some Kubernetes name fields are limited to this (by the DNS naming spec). To avoid this, keep your `<RELEASE_NAME>` short. To check final endpoint name, list all services from `<NAMESPACE>` and look for service with configured ports from list above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<RELEASE_NAME>-sumologic-otelagent` could be truncated. We truncate at 63 characters because some Kubernetes name fields are limited to this (by the DNS naming spec). To avoid this, keep your `<RELEASE_NAME>` short. To check the final endpoint name, list all services from `<NAMESPACE>` and look for services with configured ports from the list above.
```
